What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Initializing a repository creates a .git folder with the files that 
	are needed for git's commit functionality. Git needs this folder to 
	keep metadata pertaining to the history of the files within the 
	repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value 
do you think it offers?

		The staging area is a virtual space that contains the files that 
		will be added to the 
		commit history once the commit command is run. This is different 
		from the working 
		directory and repository because the files there may or may not be 
		committed depending 
		on whether or not they have been added to the staging area. This 
		functionality is 
		useful because not all the files have to be committed, and it is 
		up to the user to 
		decide which to commit. Further down the line, I suspect it will 
		save time when 
		checking out the history of changes within the git interface.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Only add the files that pertain to the single logical change and then 
	commit. For the next logical change, add the respective files and 
	commit them as well.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	If making experimental changes, or entirely new versions of code, 
	branches are helpful in keeping the versions distinct but easily 
	accessible. When making a branch, a whole new path for commits is 
	made, and the programmer can create changes without worrying about the 
	original code on the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	In the diagram, you can see from which commit each branch comes from. 
	In addition, the unreachable commits, if any, are easily visible. The 
	branch structure will consist of the first parentless commit to the 
	far left. From that, two or more branches grow towards the right and 
	possibly branch into other sections. The rightmost point of the 
	current branch is known as the head.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches compares the two most recent commits in each 
	branch with the commit at dividing point of the two branches. Lines 
	that are the same in all three commits are kept. Lines that are 
	present in the commit at the branch origin but not present in either 
	of the commits at the head of each branch are removed. Finally, new 
	lines in either of the branch head commits that are not present in the 
	old commit are added.

	The diagram is represented the way it is because branching, as its 
	name implies involves branching. The diagram is shown like a tree with 
	many branches allowing the user to easily follow along with the file 
	history git has made. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Pros: 	- saves time going line by line comparing and adding, or 
			communicating with co-workers to merge code
			- extremely accurate in terms of just adding and subtracting 
			lines of code

	Cons: 	- the user may not know 100% what is being kept and being 
			changed, especially if they are not familiar with git
